# Meeting Notes

---

### Overview
- Purpose: Planning Action Items / Milestones
- Last-Meeting: 10-23-2023
- Current-Meeting: 11-02-2023
- Next-Meeting: TBD
- Attendees:
  - Urug Kursuncu
  - Yusan Xia

### Tasks Completed Since Last Meeting
- Chris
  - Setup project space & git repository.
  - Reviewed proposed draft paper (pages 1-13)
  - Reviewed dataset
  - Reviewed jupyter notebook.
  - Drafted requests and questions.

### Deliverables for Next Meeting
- Chris to obtain data dictionary from provider.
- Chris to build cleaning pipline (1st notebook).

### Meeting Notes
- Urug confimed that only teh 2019 dataset should be used.
- Urug confirmed that the HCUP data has not been provided yet.
- Urug to confirm if files sent are the source files.
- Urug to make introduction to student who wrote the original code.
- LOS represents codes that represent ranges of days (see data dictionary).
- A domain expert recommended the LOS splits.
- Ideal end-state: other academics can reproduce the results from this repository.

# Appendix

---

### I. Resource Request
- Introduction to student who wrote the code.
- Provider Data dictionary(ies).

### I. Report Review Questions (Chris)
- None.

### II. Dataset Review Questions (Chris)
- Files-Received: tedsd_puf_2019.csv, teds_puf_2020.csv
- Please confirm that these are the raw data files direct from the provider (no transformations).
  - There definitely appears to have been some pre-processing done outside the cleaning notebook.
  - For instance, cell #2 defines a file "TEDS_cleaned_2019.csv" that has columns that are not found in the raw data.
- Same files just different years?
- Should I have received HCUP data?
- Do we have a list of required transformations (maybe in the report) independent of the notebooks?
  If not I can create in README.md.


### III. Notebook Review Questions (Chris)
- Cleaning
  - Need correct sequence of notebooks.
  - Is LOS in units of days?  Why does LOS have 37 unique integer values?  Shouldn't this value be continuous?
  - Was any structural analysis conducted outside of these notebooks?
- Model Training
  - I assume we want to have metadata files on each run of the model to capture data versioning, parameters, etc.?
    rec: mlflow.

### IV. Code Repository (Chris)
- I assume the expectation is to have a code repository that others can use to reproduce the study results?
  - Maybe also some example scripts that a user can utilize to run the entire pipeline and generate results.
