## Tasks Completed:

**Functions**
- Map -9 to python None.
- Create in-out column.
- Data describer: generates descriptive metrics on any data-frame. Presently, being used on the clean data set. See ml-fairness/data/clean/TED_SD_CLEAN_DESCRIPTION.csv for results on null pct. per column.

**Example scripts**
- Created for each function (see ml-fairness/examples).

**Transforms Pipeline & Scripts**
- Script to run ETL Pipeline (clean, enhance, etc.). The script will grow as more transforms are added to the ETL pipeline. See ml-fairness/transforms.

**Unit Tests**
- Started unit tests for src code.
- Coverage is presently at 41%. Plan to increase this to +90% by next week.

**Streamlit App**
- Utilizing for EDA.  Page1 provides the ability to run data-describe on the clean datasets.
- The plan is to include a page per aspect of the project (eda, feature importance model results, etc) so that the user has easy access (via localhost) to results.

**README**
- Updated to include instructions on how to run unit tests, unit test coverage & streamlit app via localhost.

**Pending**
- Confirm how to handle columns with >= X null percentage.
- Function to create LOS column.


## Meeting Notes
- TabNet has been slightly updated.
- Fairness mitigation part - added more techniques.
- Chi2 test
  - Did they run against continuous variables?
  - They turned them into categorical.
  - Where is the code for this.
- ML Models
  - HPO: they are doing it right now.

## Deliverables for next week
- LOS Column
- Feature Selection

## Timeline
- Looking to have results by Mid-December.
- Wants code base.
- He would like to see up to classification.
- **Results in terms of feature selection.
- That would make the most impact on work.
- He's trying to validate the work done to date.
- Create best performing models and measure how fair.
- Mitigate unfairness in model.
